Summary of Updates to the Tourette London Chapter Website
Michael Misamore, March 2017

What has happened?

The website for the Tourette London Chapter has been updated to meet
modern website design standards. This includes ensuring that the site
can be properly viewed on mobile devices such as cellphones and tablets.
Nearly all previous content has been preserved, excluding only some of
the old animated icons from a bygone era of the web. Some pages have
been enhanced with an improved user experience, such as the Topic
Search and Lending Library pages.

Why has the colour scheme changed?

The intent is to match the colours of the national TS website. That site
is managed by a professional website design firm, but we have done our
best to achieve a similar look.

How can I edit the pages on this site to add more content?

The recommendation is to edit the site pages directly in Notepad (not MS
Word). This will ensure that the pages will not be overwritten with file
formats that are incompatible with HTML. A simple way to open an HTML
page in Notepad is to first 1) open Notepad and then 2) use File -> Open
to find the HTML file you'd like to edit. Saving the file in Notepad
should preserve the ".html" file extension. The pages of this site can
be viewed individually by double-clicking on them to view them in the
default web browser for your machine.

Can I copy and paste HTML exported from MS Word into these pages?

This practice is discouraged since the HTML5 output from MS Word
includes many formatting modifiers that will not be recognized by the
new site template. In the worst case these features will interfere with
one another and reduce the quality of the pages.

How can I learn more about creating and editing HTML files?

There are many free resources available for learning HTML, including
websites and books in public libraries. A good starting point is the W3
Schools website at https://www.w3schools.com/html/

